Update gdpr-dsr-Office365.md (#2609)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-dsr-Office365.md

## Using the Content Search eDiscovery tool to respond to DSRs

> When looking for personal data within the larger set of data your organization creates and stores using in Office 365, you may want to first consider which applications people have most likely used to author the data you're looking for. Microsoft estimates that over 90% of an organization's data that is stored in Office 365 is authored in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Outlook. Documents authored in these Office applications, even if purchased through Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise or an Office perpetual license, are most likely stored on a SharePoint Online site, in a user's OneDrive for Business account, or in a user's Exchange Online mailbox. That means you can use the Content Search eDiscovery tool to search (and perform other DSR-related actions) across SharePoint Online sites, OneDrive for Business accounts, and Exchange Online mailboxes (including the sites and mailboxes associated with Microsoft 365 Groups, Microsoft Teams, EDU Assignments) to find documents and mailbox items that may be relevant to the DSR you're investigating. You can also use the Content Search tool to discover Customer Data authored in other Office 365 applications. You can now use content search for Yammer content if Yammer is running in native mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When looking for personal data within the larger set of data your organization creates and stores in Office 365, you may want to first consider which applications people have most likely used to author the data you're looking for. Microsoft estimates that over 90% of an organization's data that is stored in Office 365 is authored in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Outlook. Documents authored in these Office applications, even if purchased through Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise or an Office perpetual license, are most likely stored on a SharePoint Online site, in a user's OneDrive account, or in a user's Exchange Online mailbox. That means you can use the Content Search eDiscovery tool to search (and perform other DSR-related actions) across SharePoint Online sites, OneDrive accounts, and Exchange Online mailboxes (including the sites and mailboxes associated with Microsoft 365 Groups, Microsoft Teams, EDU Assignments) to find documents and mailbox items that may be relevant to the DSR you're investigating. You can also use the Content Search tool to discover Customer Data authored in other Office 365 applications. Moreover, you can now use the Content Search tool for Yammer content if Yammer is running in native mode.
```

> When looking for personal data within the larger set of data your organization creates and stores using in Office 365, you may want to first consider which applications people have most likely used to author the data you're looking for. Microsoft estimates that over 90% of an organization's data that is stored in Office 365 is authored in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Outlook. Documents authored in these Office applications, even if purchased through Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise or an Office perpetual license, are most likely stored on a SharePoint Online site, in a user's OneDrive for Business account, or in a user's Exchange Online mailbox. That means you can use the Content Search eDiscovery tool to search (and perform other DSR-related actions) across SharePoint Online sites, OneDrive for Business accounts, and Exchange Online mailboxes (including the sites and mailboxes associated with Microsoft 365 Groups, Microsoft Teams, EDU Assignments) to find documents and mailbox items that may be relevant to the DSR you're investigating. You can also use the Content Search tool to discover Customer Data authored in other Office 365 applications. You can now use content search for Yammer content if Yammer is running in native mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When looking for personal data within the larger set of data your organization creates and stores in Office 365, you may want to first consider which applications people have most likely used to author the data you're looking for. Microsoft estimates that over 90% of an organization's data that is stored in Office 365 is authored in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Outlook. Documents authored in these Office applications, even if purchased through Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise or an Office perpetual license, are most likely stored on a SharePoint Online site, in a user's OneDrive for Business account, or in a user's Exchange Online mailbox. That means you can use the Content Search eDiscovery tool to search (and perform other DSR-related actions) across SharePoint Online sites, OneDrive for Business accounts, and Exchange Online mailboxes (including the sites and mailboxes associated with Microsoft 365 Groups, Microsoft Teams, EDU Assignments) to find documents and mailbox items that may be relevant to the DSR you're investigating. You can also use the Content Search tool to discover Customer Data authored in other Office 365 applications. Moreover, you can now use the Content Search tool for Yammer content if Yammer is running in native mode.
```

Reviewer: Please remove the word "using" from the first line. Also, change the last line as indicated.
